Add megalinter instructions to DEVELOPING.md and move settings to separate file (#607)
NationalSecurityAgency/emissary: DEVELOPING.md

* If you fix a bug, add a test.
* If you answer a question, add some documentation.

### Local Mega Linter validation and auto fix
The project leverages [MegaLinter](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/megalinter) as a GitHub action to run across 

> changed files in PR's and the entire codebase on merge. To run the same linting rule set locally, follow the steps bellow:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
changed files in PR's and the entire code-base on merge. To run the same linting rule set locally, follow the steps below:
```

> changed files in PR's and the entire codebase on merge. To run the same linting rule set local following the following steps.

Author: ```suggestion
changed files in PR's and the entire codebase on merge. To run the same linting rule set locally, follow the steps bellow:
```

Instructions are derived from [MegaLinter Runner Documentation](https://megalinter.io/latest/mega-linter-runner/)

1) Install [Node Package Manager (NPM)](https://docs.npmjs.com/downloading-and-installing-node-js-and-npm)
2) Install mega-linter-runner for current users `npm install mega-linter-runner --save-dev`

> 3) Run MegaLinter from project root using project configuration `mega-linter-runner  -e 'LINTER_RULES_PATH=.github/linters' .`

Author: ```suggestion
3) Run MegaLinter from project root using project configuration `mega-linter-runner  -e 'EXTENDS=.github/linters/.mega-linter.yml' -p .`
```

> * To have MegaLinter attempt to fix errors add the `--fix` option to the command: `mega-linter-runner  -e 'LINTER_RULES_PATH=.github/linters' --fix . `

Author: ```suggestion
* To have MegaLinter attempt to fix errors add the `--fix` option to the command: `mega-linter-runner  -e 'EXTENDS=.github/linters/.mega-linter.yml' --fix -p .`
```
